Kiss the person on your left for three times. 
Kiss the person on your right with one eye closed. 
Call the first person in your contact and sing. 

Do 100 squats.
Show the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Give a foot massage to the person on your right.
Say something dirty to the person on your left.
Let the rest of the group DM someone from your Instagram account.
Eat a banana without using your hands.
Twerk for a minute.
Keep your eyes closed until it’s your go again.
Like the first 15 posts on your Facebook newsfeed.
Send a sext to the last person in your phonebook.
Eat a raw onion.
Keep three ice cubes in your mouth until they melt.
Give a lap dance to someone of your choice.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind.
Show off your orgasm face.
Empty out your wallet/purse and show everyone what’s inside.
Show the last five people you texted and what the messages said.
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth.
Remove four items of clothing.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Put 10 different available liquids into a cup and drink it.
Do your best impression of a baby being born.
Try to lick your elbow.
Pretend to be the person to your right for 10 minutes.
Be someone’s pet for the next 5 minutes.
Try to drink a glass of water while standing on your hands.
Do your best sexy crawl.
Say two honest things about everyone else in the group.
Put as many snacks into your mouth at once as you can.
Try and make the group laugh as quickly as possible.
Let someone shave part of your body.
Tell everyone an embarrassing story about yourself.
Post the oldest selfie on your phone on Instagram Stories.
For a guy, put on makeup. For a girl, wash off your make up.
Do four cartwheels in a row.
Tell the saddest story you know.
Belly dance like your life depended on it.
Curse like sailor for 20 seconds straight.
Howl like a wolf.
Dance without music for one minute.
Pole dance with an imaginary pole.
Let someone else tickle you and try not to laugh.
Serenade the person to your right.
Talk in an accent for the next 3 rounds.
Make every person in the group smile, keep going until everyone has cracked a smile.
Kiss the person to your left.
Attempt to do a magic trick.
Eat five tablespoons of a condiment.
Attempt to breakdance for one minute.
Let the group give you a new hairstyle.
Do the worm.
Take a shower with your clothes on.
Break two eggs on your head.
Sell a piece of trash to someone in the group using your best salesmanship.
Attempt to walk on your hands for as far as you can.
Imitate a celebrity every time you talk.
Try to juggle 2 or 3 items of the group’s choosing.
Gargle something that shouldn’t be gargled, but won’t hurt you.
Get slapped on the face by the person of your choosing.
Spin an imaginary hula hoop around your waist for the rest of the round.
Seduce a member of the same gender in the group.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.
Poll dance for 1 minute with an imaginary pole.
Choose someone from the group to give you a spanking.
Post an extremely unflattering picture of yourself to the social media outlet of your choosing.
Hold a funny face for the rest of the round.
Imagine something in your room. Now spell it with your nose and keep spelling it with your nose until someone from the group guesses what you are trying to spell.
After the group chooses one rude word, sing a song and insert that rude word once into every line of the song.
Drag your butt on the carpet like a dog from one end of the room to the other.
Open a bag of snacks or candy using only your mouth, no hands or feet.
Bend at the waist so that you are looking behind you between your legs. Now run backwards until you can tag someone with your butt.
Go to the bathroom, take off your underwear and put it on your head. Wear it on your head for the rest of the game.
Act like whatever animal someone yells out for the next 1 minute.
Eat one teaspoon of the spiciest thing you have in the kitchen.
Transfer an ice cube from your mouth to the person’s mouth on your right.
Call the 3rd contact on your phone and sing them 30 seconds of a song that the group chooses.No talking.
Pretend to be a food. Don’t pretend to eat the food, pretend to be the food. Keep pretending until someone in the group guesses the food you are.
Drop something in the toilet and then reach in to get it.
Find the person whose first name has the same letter as your first name or whoever’s first name’s first letter is closest to yours. Now lick their face.
Sit in a spinning chair and have the group spin you for 30 seconds.
Jump up and down as high as you can go for a full minute.
Let two people give you a wet willy at the same time.
Sing a praise song about a person of the groups choosing.
Depict a human life through interpretive dance.
Dance with no music for 1 minute.
Write something embarrassing somewhere on your body (that can be hidden with clothing) with a permanent marker.
Beg and plead the person to your right not to leave you for that other boy or girl.
Put ice cubes down your pants.
Stick your arm into the trash can past your elbow.
Lick the floor.
Switch clothes with someone of the opposite sex in the group for three rounds.
Let the group pose you in an embarrassing position and take a picture.
Give someone your phone and let them send one text to anyone in your contacts.
Let the group look through your phone for one minute.
Drink a small cup of a concoction that the group makes.
Let the person to your left draw on your face with a pen.
Imitate popular YouTube videos until someone can guess the video you are imitating.
Grab a trash can and make a hoop with your hands above the trash can. Have other members of the group try to shoot trash through your hoop.
Make up a 30-second opera about a person or people in the group and perform it.
Do pushups until you can’t do any more, wait 5 seconds, and then do one more.
Take an embarrassing selfie and post it as your profile picture.
Remove your socks with your teeth.
Go next door with a measuring cup and ask for a cup of sugar.
Let the group choose an item for you to brush your teeth with.
Write your name on the floor with your tongue.
Stick a Hot Cheeto in your nose, and leave it there for five minutes.
Open your front door and howl like a wolf for 30 seconds.
Let the person to your right put duct tape on any part of your body they choose and rip it off.
Put a bunch of honey on your nose and coat it with flour.
Until the next round, talk super loud, like nobody can hear you.
Call your crush.
Take a shot of pickle juice.
Talk to a pillow like it’s your crush.
Pretend you’re a bird and eat cereal off the floor using only your mouth.
Make out with your hand.
Let someone else style your hair and keep it that way for the rest of the day.
Use a brush like you’re talking into a microphone each time you speak.
Color one of your front teeth black. (Eyeliner works!)
Pick your friend’s nose.
Fake cry.
Make repulsive sounds while eating and drinking.
Cross your eyes when talking.
Talk without closing your mouth.
Act like an animal of the group’s choosing.
Get into a debate with a wall.
Squirt your face with a squirt gun continuously while talking.
See how many grapes you can stuff in your mouth.
Hiccup in between each word.
Burp the alphabet.
Draw on your face with permanent marker.
Dip your sock-covered feet in the toilet, and don't dry them off for the rest of the game.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Lift up the couch cushions, and if there is anything under them, you need to put it in your mouth for 10 seconds.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk straight.
Eat a raw egg.
Let the group choose three random things from the refrigerator and mix them together. Then you have to eat the mixture.
Stand up and do jumping jacks until your next turn.
Rub your armpits and then smell your fingers.
Dig through the trash and name everything you find.
Go on Facebook Live and read the back of a shampoo bottle.
Call a 7-Eleven and ask if they’re open.
Stand in the backyard and yell at the top of your lungs, “Nooooo! I was adopted!”
Go outside in the driveway and do the disco without music.
Call a car part store and tell them that you need a part for your Model T.
Take a selfie with the toilet and post it online.
Sniff everyone’s feet and rank them in order of freshest to stinkiest.
Call a NY-style pizza place and ask them what the difference is between NY pizza and “real” pizza.
Open your front door and loudly sing “Hallelujah!”
Go outside and pretend you're cutting the grass with an invisible mower.
Call a pizza place and ask if they use cruelty-free wheat in their dough.
Call your mom and tell her you can't find a girlfriend in a very panicked voice.
Wear your underwear over your pants for the rest of the game.
Call the library and ask if they carry a dictionary that translates British to American.
Send a Snapchat of you pretending to cry because you just found out you were adopted.
Go on Facebook and write "How do you spell "facebook"?" as your status.
Sniff the armpit of the person next to you, and describe what it smells like to the entire group.
Go outside and try to summon the rain.
Sing the "Star-Spangled Banner" in a British accent.
Take a picture of a tampon and post it on Instagram.
Call a random number, and when someone picks up, immediately start singing the national anthem.
Call Target and ask them if they deliver popcorn.
Call McDonald's and ask if they sell Whoppers.
Call a pizza shop and ask if you can return a pizza.
Call a car dealership and ask if they have any horse buggies in stock.
Change your relationship status on Facebook to "it's complicated."
Call Macy's and tell them you're interested in buying them.
Sing instead of speaking for the next two rounds of the game.
Call a random number and sing "Happy Birthday."
Call a Chinese restaurant and ask if they have sushi.
Go outside and pick exactly 40 blades of grass with a pair of tweezers.
Eat a whole piece of paper.
Fill your mouth with water, and each person in the group must tell the funniest joke they know. If you spit up the water, you have to eat a spoonful of dirt.
Tie your hands to your ankles for the rest of the game.
Suck your big toe.
Eat a mouthful of raw pasta.
Dump a bunch of LEGOs on the floor and walk over them with your bare feet.
Write a letter to your doctor describing an embarrassing rash you have, and post it on Facebook.
Go outside and hug a mailbox until at least three passersby have seen you.
Only speak in rhymes for the rest of the game.
Soak a shirt in water, put it in the fridge for 20 minutes, and then wear it.
Trade clothes with the person next to you.
Make a silly face and keep it that way until the next round.
Kneel for an hour.
Let someone wax your back.
Drink water straight from a running faucet for a whole minute.
For the rest of the game, do not say "I."
Make up a rap about koalas.
Call a stranger and tell them a secret.
Allow someone to pour ice down your shirt and pants.
Let each person in the group slap you as hard as they can on your butt.
Walk down the street in your underwear.
Make your ear touch your shoulder for the rest of the game.
Run around outside yelling, “I have lice!”
Stop a car that is going down the street and tell them that their wheels are turning.
Open Facebook, go to the account of the first person you see, and Like every post on their wall going back a full year.
Pick the nose of the person next to you.
Lick a car tire.
Lick the bottom of your shoe.
Jump into a dumpster.
Take a plate of leftovers over to your neighbor, knock on their door, and say, "Welcome to the neighborhood" as if you've never met them before.
Text someone “hey.” Every time they respond, say “hey.” Do this 10 times. For the 11th time, reply with “hi.”
Dip your finger in the toilet, and then kiss that finger.
Make a hand puppet by drawing a face on your hand, and use your hand to say what you want to say.
Let everyone look through your search history for two minutes.
Coat your hands in food coloring and don’t wash them off for 10 minutes.
Skype/FaceTime someone and pick your nose during the conversation.
Remove your underwear and throw it in the garbage.
Lick mayonnaise off of someone's toe.
Let a person in the group put a leash on you and walk you down the street.
Cry like a baby for one full minute.
Call a drug store and ask them which laxative is the most effective. After they answer, ask how many they have.
Let the group choose a song and lip-sync to the song while putting on a show for all of the players.

Dress up as the opposite sex and allow a picture to be taken of you.

Let someone in the group write something embarrassing on your body with a permanent marker.

Let someone in the group give you a new hairstyle.

Talk with an accent for the rest of the game.

Flirt with a member of the group that is of the same sex as you.

Break a raw egg over your head.

Get your face wet and put it in flour.

Post an embarrassing photo of yourself on social media.

Take your underwear off (in private) and wear it on your head for the remainder of the game.

Eat a spoon full of hot sauce.

Dance for one minute without any music.

Let another player drop something in the toilet and pick it out with your own bare hands.

Put two ice cubes down your pants.

Act out your favorite movie from your childhood and have the group guess what it is.

Give everyone in the group a crazy nickname based on the clothes they are wearing.


Make up a song with everyone’s name in it and serenade each member of the group.

Pretend that you are bathing someone in the group (with clothes on).

Act like the bodyguard of the person next to you for the next three rounds.

Smell the armpit of every player that is the opposite sex.

Let someone in the group spank you with an object of their choosing.

Pretend to be the pet of the player to the right of you.

Make an attempt at juggling 3 items of the group’s choosing.

Use your best salesmanship and try to sell a piece of garbage to another player.

Think of and recite a poem based on something the group chooses.

Eat an entire cup full of ketchup or mustard.

Let someone in the group of the opposite sex give you a full face of makeup.

Pretend to be a cat and rub up against everyone in the group.

Do a ballroom dance by yourself, but pretend to have a partner.

Lick the face of everyone in the group that is the same sex as you.

Go up to someone and scare them.

Very affectionately kiss another participant (the rest can choose whom).

Give a massage to a player for 5 minutes.

Eat a tablespoon of butter.

Asks for money on the street telling a funny story and nothing credible and board 50$.

Become the slave of another player of your choosing for 5 mins.

Dance with a broom or mop.

For guys: Briefly walk like a lady in high heels.

Declare who is your true love.

Tell something very intimate.

Sing the alphabet without moving your mouth.

Yell out the first word that comes to your mind right now.

Call the pizza place and order 300 sardine pizzas.

Once you have your eyes closed, feel someone’s face and guess who they are.

Make up a story about the item to your right.

Sing everything you say for the next 10 minutes.

Give a foot massage to someone.

Give the person to your left a hickey.

Say the alphabet backwards in 15 seconds.

Act like you do not understand your language until your next turn (come up with your language).

Do pushups until it’s your turn again.

Wear a finger moustache for the next 5 minutes.

Eat a raw egg.

Bark like a dog.

Sing a song all the way through to the end.

Act like a dog and get petted by everyone.

Get a shower with all your clothes on.

Draw a face around your belly button.

Let someone write a word on your forehead in a permanent marker.

Post an embarrassing picture of yourself online.

Put ice cube down bra or underwear and wait till melts.

Act like an old lady or an old man.

Spin around ten times, when you get done, try to walk in a straight line.

Go a whole minute without blinking.

Say “banana” after everything you say until it is your turn again.

Act like a monkey until it is your turn again.



