Hold your knife in your right hand, an inch or two above the plate. Extend your index finger along the top of the blade.

Hold your fork in your left hand, tines downward.
Use your fork to spear and lift food to your mouth.
Hold your fork like a pencil, with the shank extended between your thumb and index and middle fingers. Your fourth and fifth fingers rest in your hand.

For leverage, the index finger is extended along the back of the fork, as far from the tines as possible.

Hold the knife with the handle cupped in the palm of your left hand, along with your third, fourth, and fifth fingers. Place your second finger on the back of the blade. Hold your thumb against the side of the handle.

Placing the Napkin in Your Lap. 

Unfold your napkin in one smooth motion without "snapping" or "shaking" it open.


 Use your napkin frequently during the meal to blot or pat, not wipe, your lips. Blot your lips before taking a drink of your beverage.

If a napkin ring is present, after removing your napkin, place the ring to the top-left of the setting. At the end of the meal, grasp the napkin in the center, pull it through the ring, and lay it on the table with the point facing the center of the table.

Food should be passed to the right - but the point is for the food to be moving in only one direction.
One diner either holds the dish as the next diner takes some food, or he hands it to the person, who then serves herself.
Any heavy or awkward dishes are put on the table with each pass.
Cream pitchers and other dishes with handles should be passed with the handle toward the person receiving them.
If a platter for sharing is present it is passed around the table, with each diner holding it as the person next to him serves himself, using only the serving utensils provided.

If there is no spoon in the saltcellar, use the tip of a clean knife to take some salt.
If the salt­cellar is for you alone, you may either use the tip of your knife or you may take a pinch with your fingers.
If it is to be shared with others, never use your fingers or a knife that is not clean.
Salt you have taken from the cellar should be put on the bread-and-butter plate or on the rim of whatever plate is before you.

If the bread is placed in front of you, feel free to pick up the basket and offer it to the person on your right.
If the loaf is not cut, cut a few pieces, offer them to the person to your left, and then pass the basket to your right.
Do not touch the loaf with your fingers, instead use the clothe in the bread basket as a buffer to steady the bread as you slice it.
Place the bread and butter on your butter plate - yours is on your left - then break off a bite sized piece of bread, put a little butter on it, and eat it.
Don't butter the whole piece of bread and then take bites from it.
Don't hold your bread in one hand and a drink in the other, and
Don't take the last piece of bread without first offering it to others.