

Carry a heavy bath in, put it down.

Lift up a bucket of water- pour it into the bath.

Check the temperature – too hot, pour some cold water in.

Look around for your dog. There it is.

Try to coax it into the bath.

It doesn’t want to come, so lift him up. He is very heavy.

You wash the dog all over.

You try to get hold of it but it jumps out of the bath.

It shakes itself and you shield yourself.

It runs away and you run after it.

The Flyaway Balloon – Solo Mime 2

You enter with a tray of gallons.

You select one and blow it up.

Throw it up and catch it.

You tie a string to it.

It start to fly away so you chase it..

You pull the string and it comes back.

You sit on it to prevent it flying away again.

The balloon burst.

You pick it up, looking very sad.

You walk off.

Pat the air around you on four sides, as if you were in a box. Stiffen your hand when you hit the side of the imaginary box. You can open the lid and jump out of the box. Then push the imaginary box out of the way for the next act.
Pretend you’re walking down the stairs, squatting down lower and lower as you go. This is a fun one to do behind a sofa so the audience doesn’t see your legs. You can climb back up the stairs if you want.
Turn your back to the audience and push the imaginary button of the elevator. After waiting, get into the elevator and turn around. Press the inside elevator button. Now go down as smoothly as you can, bending your knees and squatting down low. If you want, you can come back up the elevator.
Stand with your body facing to the side. Pretend you are rowing a boat with an oar. When the current pushes your canoe backwards, try desperately to row your boat against the strong current. Or you can row around a lake in an oval shape, rowing back and forth. Don’t forget to lose your balance and fall into the water with an imaginary splash.
Make your mouth small, like you’re puckering up for a kiss. With both arms bent at your sides, swish your fingers back and forth like the fins of a fish. Swim around the room.
Old Man: Hunch over and hold onto a cane. Wobble your cane and tremble as you walk, shaking your head as well.
An imaginary rope is hanging from side to side in front of you. Grab onto it with both hands, pulling yourself across the rope little by little.
Open the door of the car and get in. Sit down and shut the door. Let off the break, put your keys in the ignition, and put your hands on the steering wheel. Start driving the car. Wave to the audience as you pass by. When you’re finished with your ride, get out of the car and shut the door.
The Motorcycle: Sit down on the motorcycle and hold onto the handle bars. pull the right handlebar backwards several times to start the engine. Ride your motorcycle around the room. Try to do some tricks on your motorcycle, like taking the front wheel off the ground.
The Bullfighter: Grab an imaginary red cloth and wave it in front of the bull. When the bull runs toward you, lift up the cloth into the air. Then turn your back to the audience and do it again. Try it from different angles.
Building a Sand Castle: Sit on the ground and start filling your bucket with sand, using an imaginary shovel. When the bucket is full, turn the bucket upside-down, and whack it on the ground. Gently lift the bucket up, and admire your beautiful sand castle. Make another one.
Climb up the ladder of the slide, reaching up for each rung of the ladder with your hands. Once at the top, slide down the slide. Slide down the spiral slide, holding onto the sides and becoming lower and lower.
Grab onto the bar with one hand, then grab onto the next bar with the other hand, and continue until you have crossed the monkey bars. Turn around and cross the monkey bars from the other direction. Jump off at the end.
Grab an imaginary pole. Now turn around and around, making sure to squat down lower and lower as you slide down the pole.
Get on the carousel, and hold onto the pole. Go up and down, making sure to continue holding on to the pole. Go in circles, and wave to the audience as you pass by.



Pretend you are getting dressed.
Pretend to get into a car and drive it.
Pretend to walk down some stairs.
Pretend to pick some flowers and smell them. Pretend to fly a kite.
Pretend to use binoculars and you are seeing something exciting or scary. Pretend to make a big, huge painting.
Pretend to ride a bike.
Pretend to stir a cup of hot chocolate and drink it.
Pretend to read a book or a newspaper.
Pretend to wash a big window.
Pretend to play an accordion or any other instrument.
Pretend to blow up a balloon and then pop it.
Pretend to make a bed.
Pretend to peel a banana and eat it.
Pretend it’s cold and you are putting on a coat and gloves and scarf.